[Teams] Update teams-authentication-faq.md (#1765)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/faq/teams-authentication-faq.md

## What if the identity provider my team uses is not listed?

> You can add your preferred identity providers to Cloudflare Access even if you don't see them listed on the Teams dashboard, as long as these providers support SAML 2.0 or [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](/identity/idp-integration/generic-oidc). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add your preferred identity providers to Cloudflare Access even if you do not see them listed on the Teams dashboard, as long as these providers support SAML 2.0 or [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](/identity/idp-integration/generic-oidc). 
```
